well friends on the youtube network of videos
one more transmission today directly from
anja tire in the industry sector and
Brasilia doing the service here
here in brasilia in the region of brasília
Most of the 10 of theft fhc work
in the heavy bucket that has tire one thousand and one hundred
the front has this problem when the
tire passes half-life and use begins
on the sidebands and begins to
curse ximbra and then and can work
a balancing alignment that does not
then solves most of the owners as well
of trucks 7h change the front wheel
this artistic wheel and the miss in passing
for wheel without camera 295
I did a research and it really was
then resolves to put 1 25 and they will pass
the lead here to bring that goes
complain
is
There it is right there at the most
days at discount price
My friend is there and wants to do it.
balancing
So my friend is a problem in the video.
left without audio
that the first part but now in that
video we will correct the
It was good that you can now do the
complement that I have already made a trip that
starts to run from 295 in front already
is really fueling what
the staff has commented
the trip was quiet gave no further had
also an end on the off
then it was worth the exchange for the less
1,100 to 295 in the lead back there
meats will continue
running this way
okay to show the two hankook tires that
did not invent
OK
prof year is that these two thousand and realize
to analyze them recapar first life
hey, it's the office of 50 members of our
people
already put that other mark that
have seen only the beginning
The famous only found on the ticket just there
Finding China finds
then tried one that messes with
letter f too think
we put those there
this month she shakes only the chance
Well , I already suffer you, we're not going.
put the op - the letter d
Let's test and the cat has passed and
performed last, we get more
weight smoothed rekha pon took place